[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, folks.
How are you?
Yes, I know what
you're thinking.
What is Ty doing with
a sports coat on?
Well, it's actually winter
and I'm a little bit cold.
But forget about that.
We have another amazing
man on the show--
Dr. Dain Heer.
Thank you so much for
giving you some time.
>> All right.
Great.
Pleasure to be here.
Thanks for having me.
>> Another amazing human being
who's doing his best to elevate
the consciousness and the
vibration of the planet.
Access Consciousness--
I suppose there's
a lot of people out
there who may not
be familiar with the term.
Can you bring us up to speed
on what it actually is?
>> Well, Access Consciousness
is basically a set of tools,
techniques, information, ways of
looking at the world that allow
you to change anything
you've ever wanted to change.
And it can be in your body.
It can be in your
emotional health.
It can be in your mental health.
It can be in your relationships,
your sex life, your money
situation.
>> Ooh.
>> Yeah, exactly.
And literally anything
you want to change.
And it's based on the idea
that consciousness includes
everything and judges nothing.
There are a lot of people
who used to sort of talk
about spirituality.
And now, they're talking
about consciousness,
but they don't actually
have a definition of it.
Our definition of it is
where everything exists,
and nothing is judged.
And if you never had to
judge anything or anyone
and you could undo all
the judgments you've ever
had in the past, your life would
become this miraculous place.
>> Talking about judgments,
is judgment something that
energetically holds us down?
>> Well, the thing is, see,
judgment is one of the biggest
killers there is.
It's like if you look at it,
you can either have judgment
or you can have gratitude.
>> And we can't help ourselves.
We just do it
automatically all day long.
>> Well-- and that's
the thing is we--
>> We can't.
>> --don't know that
we can help ourselves.
>> Yes, yes.
>> But once we realize we can,
we can start changing this sort
of tidal wave of yuck that's
been in our lives in whatever
area it's been and actually
start creating possibilities
from it.
Because the thing is, judgment
is sort of the biggest killer.
It's like you can either
have judgment or gratitude.
You can have judgment or love.
You can have judgment or joy.
You can have judgment
or happiness.
of wrongness.
Or you can have the joy of
knowing that there's actually
nothing wrong with you.
>> Yes.
>> And so what ends up happening
is if you can ask yourself,
hey, you know what?
If I didn't have any judgment
of this person or this thing,
how would it look
different to me?
How would it feel
We've sort of been picking
up everybody else's judgments
around us about what's
right, about what's wrong,
about who people are, about
how they are, about how we are,
and how we can and cannot be.
And we've adopted all these
points of view energetically.
And they don't really have
very much to do with us.
So if we were to ask
ourselves, you know what?
What's my point of
view in this situation?
And if I had no judgment in this
situation, what could I choose?
So if you start by
asking questions--
see a question always empowers.
An answer disempowers.
Anything we're willing
to ask a question about,
we can have a different
possibility with.
So if you start
asking those questions
that we just talked about.
And then there are a few others
that if you start instituting
them, what they do
is they take you
out of the judgment of things.
So a question such as, how does
it get any better than this?
You want to ask it when
something good happens
or when something bad happens?
In a bad situation,
it'll make it better.
In a good situation
it'll make it
even better than it just got.
One of the things that we
found in Access Consciousness
is that 98% of your
thoughts, your feelings,
and your emotions don't
actually belong to you.
You literally pick them up like
a big psychic radio receiver.
If you've ever been
around somebody who's sad,
do you notice how
you start to feel sad
and you don't know why?
>> Exactly.
>> And you're thinking,
wait a minute.
I'm not the sad one
here, except that's
got such an intense resonance
to it that we end up
vibrating like that.
We're kind of like tuning
forks to other people.
>> You have a clearing
statement you call POD and POC.
Can you explain a
little bit about how
that clears negative
energy out of our bodies
or if that's, in
fact, what it does?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Basically, it's like this.
Our judgments and our
points of view that we use,
that we stick in place are the
things that end of sticking us.
The way I put it is this.
Your point of view
creates your reality.
Reality doesn't create
your point of view.
So you can have two
totally different people
who respond to the
same situation in two
totally different ways.
They're going to get two
totally different outcomes
as a result of it.
What this does is when you're in
a place where you feel like you
don't have a
different choice, you
can use this to actually
create a different choice.
The short form for
it is POC and POD,
which stands for going back
to the point of creation
or wherever you locked this
limited point of view in place
and think there's no other
choice and undoing it.
And literally, you're asking
the consciousness of you
to do that.
And the consciousness of you
actually knows where it is.
So here's the thing.
So this POC and
POD is-- literally,
you can use it to change
any area of your life.
So for example, it's short
form for a very somewhat
long clearing statement,
which is right and wrong,
good and bad, POD and POC, or
POC and POD, All 9, Shorts,
Boys, and Beyonds.
You don't have to
use the whole thing.
But basically, what all of that
whole thing is designed to do
is to take every piece of a
limitation that we now have
and undo it.
Basically, dismantle
the limitation.
And so with this POC and POD
thing, what you want to do
is you can do something like
ask a question like, hey,
everything that
doesn't allow me to be
as joyful as I can be today--
I'm willing to now let that go.
And you go, OK, POC
and POD it, which
means go back to the point
of creation of whatever
is creating you not being
as joyful as you are
and let it go.
Or POD, which is the
point of destruction.
In other words, in order
to create any limitation,
we've either got to have a
germinal point of that creation
of that limitation.
Or we destroy something
that's a possibility
and put limitation in
its place by buying
a more limited point of
view than we actually
have as beings.
>> It sounds like it's
a modality that where
you're giving people--
here's the tools.
Go empower yourself.
You don't need me.
You don't need anything else.
You just need to start asking
yourself the right questions,
and be open, and be
open minded about it.
>> Yeah.
And watch the
miracles that occur
>> Dain, I know you've written
that the truth will make us
feel instantly lighter.
And the fact that a lie actually
holds us down and gives us
a bit of a heavy feeling.
Can you elaborate on that
sensation a little bit?
>> Yeah.
Basically, it's
this-- truly, what
is true for you will always
make you feel lighter.
What's not will always
make you feel heavier.
And the thing you
want to realize
is what's true for you may
not be true for anybody else.
So you might be in a
room full of 50 people.
And somebody presents a piece
of information and says,
hey, we can really change this.
And 35 of those people
are like, yes, we can.
And 15 are like, uh-uh.
Well, that's because for the
15, it's not true for them.
For the 35, it actually is.
And the difficulty
is what we've done
is we've spent so
much of our lives
trying to make what feels
heavy to us somehow come
to some sense of lightness,
rather than going,
oh, that's just not true for me.
>> Well, listen, so
talking about relationships
and caring--
>> Oh, that.
>> I'm sure-- yeah, whenever
we get someone on the show with
such great insight,
we always wonder, hey,
what's the secret
to relationships?
Can we attract a better
partner into our life?
Or can we improve on the
love that we're experiencing
with our current partner?
>> Yeah, this is a big one.
But basically, it's like this.
Most of us have been looking
for the, quote unquote,
"love of our lives."
And what that entails is
so many points of view
about what they should be,
and who they should be,
and who we have to be.
Because we have so much judgment
of us, that we think no one
would love us.
And really what it
entails is getting out
of the judgment of us
and the other person.
If you don't love the
person you're with,
if you don't have total
gratitude for them
exactly as they
are, it's not going
to be something that's working.
Because you're always
going to be putting energy
into trying to change them.
What you want to
be with is somebody
that you love and adore and
have total gratitude exactly
as they are right now.
So my suggestion is
write down everything
you'd like to have in a partner
and everything you would not
like to have in a partner.
And then ask the universe
to allow it to show up.
Because what happens
is if you write down
just the list of everything
you desire, you'll get it.
But you'll get this entire
other list of things
that don't really work for you.
But you won't be able to
see it until it's too late.
>> OK, so obviously, we're
hoping everyone is going to tap
into the book.
Is there any little
cutting-edge bits
of wisdom that you've
come across lately
that you'd be willing
to share with us, Dain?
>> So one of the big things that
I found is we talked earlier
about 98% of your
thoughts, feelings,
and emotions don't
belong to you.
Well, one of the
things that I found
is that what most
people have done
their entire lives
is actually mimic
their friends, their
parents, their family,
and all the people around them.
And so it's actually something
called biomimetic mimicry.
Biomimetic-- it's like
now what science is doing.
It's like if they want to
build a better airplane wing,
they study how a bird's
wing actually works.
And then they mimic it to
the best of their ability.
Well, we've done the same
thing with everything
we didn't understand with our
parents, with our friends,
with our relationships,
with our lovers,
with everybody who's
ever been in our life
that we didn't get
what they were doing.
We literally would
mimic it energetically
and try to somehow in
that way understand it.
So one of the things I've
asked people to do is ask.
When they feel like they're
around somebody and not
being them, just say, how
much biomimetic mimicry
am I doing here?
And let it go.
Now, you can POC and
POD it, basically.
I mean, that's what
I suggest people do.
People who have this tool sort
of have an edge up in a sense.
Because what you
do is you go, OK,
am I willing to let this go?
Yes.
OK, POC and POD it all.
And literally, you'll notice.
You'll start to
realize that you start
to have a greater sense
of lightness, a greater
sense of joy, a greater
sense of possibilities.
And you'll start to
go, wait a minute.
I've actually been mimicking
the people I work with.
I've been mimicking the people
I'm in relationship with.
I've been mimicking the
people I'm in love with.
people that were my family.
Oh, my gosh.
And this is one of the
reasons why so many people--
they get to midlife, where the
supposed midlife crisis idea.
Because what happens is
they get to this point.
They realize my life has
nothing to do with me.
I've been living for
everybody else around me.
And in essence,
what really creates
that is this mimicry
that we've learned to do
since we were little kids.
So anybody you think
about, anyway in which
you're around somebody and
you feel like you're not
being you anymore, you want to
go all the biomimetic mimicry
or BMM for short.
All the BMM.
POC and POD all that.
Literally, if you
ask, who does this
belong to, to every
thought, every feeling,
every judgment, every heaviness
you have for three days?
At the end of three
days you walk around
like you're in a walking,
talking meditation.
>> Awesome, man.
>> Thank you.
>> Here's the book, folks--
"Being You Changing the World."
If you've just
tuned in, you just
see we've just had some amazing
insights directly from Dain.
And obviously, that's probably
got your curiosity spiked.
Get the book and
empower yourselves.
And I'm guaranteeing
there's going to be
a million little tools in here.
So you can start asking
yourself the right questions
and start clearing
yourself up energetically
and literally
empowering yourself.
You have the power.
Don't be looking
outside for all this--
I need help.
I need this.
No, it's you.
And there's people
like this man here
who just say, look, here it is.
Go use it, and empower yourself,
and build up your momentum,
and be everything you can be.
Thanks for tuning in, guys.
Bye-bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]